[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> One of the things that
happened in the pyramid was
that they said there are two
things that you have to do,
the path of the dragon
and the path of the I am.
The path of the dragon would
be the connection between south
and north -- north to south
through the mountain chains,
where the energy of Kundalini
flows through the planet.
So in 2016, I was
preparing the people
to understand what is the
path of the dragon, what
is the project of the I am,
understanding the whole network
of consciousness.
But I kind of lost it,
the goal of everything,
and I was creating a
team to do everything.
I don't want to be
the one doing this.
I want to have a group of
people that we go together.
That people could see
that it's not about me,
it's about many
others, and we can all
do it together, and so on.
We decided to start this
dragon path in Antarctica,
and I took 72 people
to Antarctica.
We rented an airplane to
go to Antarctica Peninsula
to do an activation,
which would be
to put all the energy from the
purest continent into crystal
spheres that we brought there.
72 crystal spheres.
And within them, by singing,
we put all the energy
of the pure continent, the
consciousness of the planet,
so then we could
bring that information
along the planet in the
entire reach of the world.
The first week that the
path of the dragon started,
my grandmother dies, and
I was doing the path.
So I kept with this
thought in my mind.
Am I doing a good
thing doing this path
or I was supposed to be beside
her to help her transcend?
I start to feel a bit
guilty of what I was doing.
I had no clue what I was doing
eventually in one moment,
and I decided to do an
Ayahuasca ceremony in Peru
during the path to ask,
channel other dimensions
because I was not
listening properly
and I had no clue
what was happening.
So immediately when
I took the Ayahuasca,
it was a voice saying,
let's start with this
from the very beginning.
And one of the questions that
the wise one in that space
said was, can you remind me
the name of your project?
And I said I am,
and he said, so why
have you started a
path saying we are?
And I said, I don't
know, because I
don't want to be that person
that everyone looks to,
and he said oh,
that's a mistake,
he said because you were
designed to be looked at.
So you are hiding yourself
from your own responsibility,
and you are grabbing
people along the path
just to hide yourself.
And it was like, whoa, OK.
That was a tough one, and
that's why people around you
are suffering because you're
using them to hide yourself
behind the we are
when we are not.
And it was like, OK, so he said,
you have to represent I am,
so you can only do it alone.
And I entered in this
crisis-- a very deep crisis--
like, I don't know.
I don't know if
I wanted to this.
It's too much responsibility
to be in front of this alone.
A lot of people staring at
me not knowing what to do,
and I started to feel that
I abandoned my family just
because of weird stuff.
So I said, my grandmother died,
I was not there in that moment,
so it was just
because of my mission.
I arrived to Mexico.
When I arrived to Mexico, I
said, I can't do this anymore.
I can't fake that I am
doing something for humanity
if I couldn't do
something for my family.
But I was feeling something
that, way before someone
told me that, in order to
do this, you have to die.
And so I let myself die,
and basically, I just
turned off all the lights
of my magnetic field
and let all the demons
come and kill me.
That was basically
what I just said.
Here I am, I'm switching off
all the shields, and kill me.
I said, I leave everything
in the hands of whoever.
Suddenly, I enter a
process of artistic reality
that I couldn't
speak with anyone,
I got in a very deep depression.
I was for a month
lost in Mexico.
Someone had to buy me a
ticket to send me back home,
but I was a bag.
I was nothing but just
flesh, and I came back home
and they put me in bed,
and I was there for weeks.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Until I start to
hear my inner voice.
He told me, "You know
what you're doing?"
And I said no, and he said, "You
are leaving your personality
in control of everything.
The reason why
everything is failing
is because you think Matias
is in charge of this,
and Matias is just a tool.
And you have to treat
Matias as a tool.
You are not you.
Who is you?
Who are you really?"
And I said, I am Ghan.
Ghan is my higher self.
So he said, so let
Ghan be in control
of the tool, which is Matias.
So suddenly, I understood.
Yes, the personality
is something
that the spirit creates in order
to be able to leave and to do
what it is supposed to do.
And I was trying to control
everything through my ego,
through my personality,
and everything
was about I am, not me.
So I let away the
me, and I said,
I accept Matias, the
personality, as a tool.
So here I am for anything you
are supposed to do with me.
And I said, well,
what we have to do?
First of all is to position
yourself, again, in the center.
So I woke up, and I said, I'm
here for whatever is needed,
and that same day, people
start to call me to film,
to do stuff with me,
to tell my story,
and that's how Gaia
contacted me, and here I am.
All that happened
that year was teaching
me something important about
the path of the dragon.
I recognized that all that time
between the message of the I
am and the end of
2017, which was
the preparation for
the dragon was my path
to try to clean up
all what I had within;
to clean out many friends
relationships that I had.
Many thoughts that I had
connected to, all ideas.
When I did that, I saw
my own initiatic path.
You have to do this
and that and you
have to face at least
three deaths in order
to be really in the I am.
You have to die physically,
emotionally, and spiritually.
They showed me a mountain that
I was supposed to go to die,
and I had no clue which
mountain was that,
but the shape was familiar.
It was Mount Kailash in Tibet.
I did my first--
I guess my first initiatic path
in Egypt with Gaian people,
and when I finished
the path, everyone
said, now, where'll you go?
And I said, well now it's my
turn to do my own iniatic path,
so I'm going to Tibet to die
and everyone was like, what?
How is that?
And I said, I have no idea.
So I would go.
They told me to go to die,
but I don't think I would die,
but anyway, I would go anyway.
So I went to Tibet
right after Egypt,
and it was very
difficult to get there.
Airplanes canceled, going
on a truck, and all this
to reach Kailash, and also,
there is something important
that I had no clue
about Mount Kailash;
that it's sacred for at
least three religions,
and there is something that
they call the Kora path, which
is you have to go clockwise
around the mountain
to honor the heavens and
Shiva, who is the God
living in the mountain.
But I had specific
instructions that I
had to do the path
anti-clockwise, like going
down, and that's
forbidden in that land.
Nobody does it, because
it's like going to hell.
But I said, no, my
instructions are this.
And until the very last
day, I had to do everything
to convince someone to
accompany me to do the path
anticlockwise,
because I was trying
to connect with the core
of the planet, not heaven.
And they said, no, no, no,
there is only a few people that
do that, and I say, who?
And they are the original
people from the territory that
had the tradition to
do it that direction
because they are not from
the main religions that
believe in Shiva.
They are believing in nature.
So I said, I want to do that.
So this guy said, OK,
I will risk my soul,
but I will bring you.
So I said OK, I will talk
good about you when I die.
So he accompanied me very
worried during this whole path,
and it's really high altitude.
It's like 6,000 meters, and
I've never been so high walking.
And during this path, when I
started to do my first steps,
suddenly, I felt a guide--
let's say a Merlin aside me.
I say a Merlin, because everyone
knows Merlin the magician,
but Merlin was like an
order of Celtic people,
and they were the high
priests of the Celtic culture.
So there were many
Merlins, not only one.
And this Merlin comes aside me,
and I had no clue why someone
from the Celtic
culture would be --
or druid culture --
would be there in Tibet.
But he would walk
aside me making
me go to my deepest darkness,
emotions and everything.
He would say to me that all
that I had to do in this path
was to die and I had
to practice that,
so he was he was
accompanying me in the path
as if I was in a hospital
waiting for death.
And every step that
I gave was like, what
are you leaving behind?
What would you say to your
mother, what would you
say to your grandmother,
what would you say
to everyone if you die today?
He made me write letters to
each one of them in the path
and made me cry and
understanding how
every person is like
the rock in this path,
and so many teachings
that he was telling me
as we spoke it was like
being with a psychiatrist,
psychologist going
through the mountain.
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
In that pass, you reach almost
7,000 meters above sea level,
and I was just dressed up for--
I don't know, winter in New
York or no, even in Georgia.
I don't know.
I was like, OK, some tiny
clothes, and that's it.
Not much, but people were really
dressed, because you could die.
The guide was always asking
me, are you headache?
Are you headache?
Because you can have a stroke.
And I said, no, I've
no headache, but I was.
But I had to die,
so I don't care.
So maybe it was a signal,
and that night I got to sleep
and in the morning when I
woke up with a headache,
I saw Merlin here in front of
me saying, are you ready to die?
Because it's today.
And I was like, oh, my gosh.
I don't know, and
suddenly, the guide
enters the tent where we
were sleeping and says,
are you headache?
And I said no, and he
said, because a Russian guy
was crossing and just died
because he couldn't make it.
He had a stroke, and
they are taking him down.
And it was like, oh, my God.
That's a sign.
I don't know how to take it.
So I said, no, I will do it.
I can do it.
I will.
So I started to--
that day with the
snow on my face.
I suddenly reached a point.
I sat down and I
had my hands blue
and my feet blue, everything.
I had water that was freezing
inside my shoes, and I said,
OK, I cannot walk anymore.
This is it.
I had a headache.
And suddenly I sat down to take
a breath, and when I looked up,
just a tiny circle
of clouds opened
and you could see the highest
point of the mountain.
It was the first time that
I saw it, and when I saw it,
the sun was shining
right there, and you
could see the light
shining towards us
from the top of
the mountain, and I
saw this tunnel of
light coming to me
and I felt like I was
dying, and suddenly, I
felt like the top of the
mountain was a triangle
but it was someone
meditating, coming
to me that divided into so
many fractals like a mandala.
And all around,
this path of light
was like different
tetrahedrons all around,
but actually, they were
all masters meditating.
But I could see that
tetrahedrons and the masters
all at the same
time, and I could
hear them meditating
with the sounds
and singing and
spinning around, and I
was like just in
the same position
like going there and dying.
And suddenly, everyone
was saying I am,
I am, I am, I am,
I am, and there
was someone in the
mountain saying I am
and telling me to say
that, I am, and he said,
there is not many masters.
There is only one, which is the
I am, and we all remember it.
So just say it and you
will be able to die.
So I started to say, I am.
I am every master.
I am, I am.
So when I did that, the
master in front of me said,
you did it.
You died.
And I felt I was dead, and I
heard the voice, you did it.
You did it.
And suddenly, the
voice of the master
became the guide, the shepa
that was with me, saying,
you did it.
You survived.
And it was his voice telling me,
hey, you did it, and I like--
like that in the
meditation position.
And you did it.
You crossed the Dolma
La Pass, and you
could see the mountain the
other side of the clouds.
And after that point,
it was going down.
So I had no clue.
I thought I died
there, and I really
felt my body not working anymore
and everything shutting off.
Then Merlin appears again when
I came back and said, perfect.
You died.
So you-- actually
in a British accent
he's like, perfect,
you have died,
and you are ready to keep going.
And I said, keep going what?
And he said, I'll wait for
you in seven days in England,
and I said, what?
So I flew to England from
Tibet, and I arrived there
and he said, I will wait for
you in the end of all lands.
And I said end of all
lands, so I looked for it
and there's a place
called Land's End,
so I said, OK, I will
go there in Cornwall.
So I went there, and
when I reached that spot,
the spirit was waiting for me
there in that hill and said,
look in front of this place.
He said, you have to
finish your soul here.
So your soul has to
die in this place.
And I was like, OK,
and he said so I'll
wait for you on the
other side of the island.
I'll wait for you in the other
side of the island in Scotland.
Go to every stone
circle in the path
and show me what
you're capable of
and just disappeared
and left me alone.
And the only
instruction that he said
was the first circle
you have to be naked.
So OK, so I went
to the stone circle
and I looked around
if there was anybody
and I got naked in the
center of the circle,
and I saw how every
one of the stones
were like someone judging me.
Every person that judged me
in my life, like the stones,
and I had to be naked
there, saying, I don't care.
I don't care.
It's not important.
It's just flesh.
So I had to face all
my emotional fears
also regarding my
ego, and so I did.
And then I started all this
path through every stone circle
in England and Scotland going
through each one of them,
and in every one of
them, I knew that I
had to do some task,
some preparation.
Merlin, he said,
cross to the island --
Orkney Islands in the North --
and there, you'll see the crown
and the crown of this land.
So when you are there, prepare
to die, again, with your soul.
So I took a boat
across to the island,
and I had no clue what
I would find there.
And suddenly, there was
this last stone circle.
This beautiful stone circle.
Nobody goes there.
It's so special.
It was all green around
but inside was red.
It looked like a crown.
It looked so beautiful,
and I went to the stones,
and I put my chest aside
of one of the stones,
like if each one of the
stones were a person,
and I felt part of that circle.
And I heard a voice in
between the stones saying,
we are here to watch you, and
I said, so where do I belong?
And they said in the center.
So that moment maybe was
something easy for some people,
but for me it was really
tough, because that
was the moment of
the decision that I
had to take saying my place
is to be in the center.
Seen by others, not aside the
others and at least for now,
my mission is to be seen
and to be in the center.
And so I started to walk
to the center of the stones
and I got to the middle
of it, and suddenly, I
accepted that I had
to be in the center.
So I am the center.
And suddenly, the
stones started to say
every circle has a center.
Without a center,
there is no circle.
Without a circle,
there's no center.
So you are never alone, and
your work is with the team,
but the team is to surround you.
The team is to hold
everything to be a sphere
and you mark the center.
Where do we go?
I am.
When I said this, something
in me started to see every one
of my lives and every one of the
stones became each one of me --
of myself -- staring at me.
Not other people.
It was just my soul
watching me, and every stone
was one of my lives.
And I saw all of them, and
they started to come to me
and becoming me and
saying, we are the circle
that holds who you are.
So don't expect for others
to be in that circle.
We are that circle that
puts you in the center.
So it was very healing
that moment in which
my soul let itself
die from all the way
that it was waiting for being
in the center for other people.
Like the responsibility of being
seen by others, but they said,
the only ones from
which you have
to feel that you are being seen
is ourselves, which is yourself
in different timelines.
And that moment was like
Merlin saying you can go home.
[LAUGHTER]
Like, OK, that's it.
So these two paths took
me to the understanding
of so many things that I had
to face for myself in order
to be who I am today.
And that's what allowed me after
that to be in front of a camera
to tell any story, to tell
anything and not being
afraid of being seen by many
and being the image of more
people or guiding any
path, because I now
know that it's not my
responsibility that others
see me, it's my
responsibility to see myself.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
And suddenly, I just
turned back to them,
and I did like this,
and two birds--
ibis, the Thoth birds--
flew from me from behind, and
it was like, what is happening?
Something weird was happening.
[MUSIC PLAYING]